# Main activity class of loaded Dynamic feature is not found
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/59159062/main-activity-class-of-loaded-dynamic-feature-is-not-found

# Dynamic feature module, Android OnDemand module : Android App Bundle
https://proandroiddev.com/dynamic-feature-module-android-ondemand-module-android-app-bundle-ea0d872b32d

# Navigation with Dynamic Feature Modules
https://proandroiddev.com/navigation-with-dynamic-feature-modules-48ee7645488

# Android App Bundles: there was a problem while parsing the package (dynamic feature module only)
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/55520034/android-app-bundles-there-was-a-problem-while-parsing-the-package-dynamic-feat

# SplitCompat.installActivity() or SplitCompat.install()
https://github.com/android/app-bundle-samples/issues/56

# android/app-bundle-samples
https://github.com/android/app-bundle-samples/blob/71d082c2637ae6be41a9efe59256557939b2853b/DynamicFeatures/features/java/src/main/java/com/google/android/samples/dynamicfeatures/ondemand/JavaSampleActivity.java

https://github.com/android/app-bundle-samples/blob/71d082c2637ae6be41a9efe59256557939b2853b/DynamicFeatures/app/src/main/java/com/google/android/samples/dynamicfeatures/MainActivity.kt

# tprochazka/app-bundle-samples
https://github.com/tprochazka/app-bundle-samples/tree/bug-162779750

https://github.com/tprochazka/app-bundle-samples/tree/bug-162779750/DynamicCodeLoadingKotlin

# Followup on SplitCompat.installActivity() or SplitCompat.install()
https://github.com/android/app-bundle-samples/issues/60

# Dynamic Delivery in Android — Part 1
https://medium.com/android-dev-hacks/dynamic-delivery-in-android-part-1-634c686d7170

# Exploring Dynamic Feature Modules at Swiggy
https://bytes.swiggy.com/exploring-dynamic-feature-modules-at-swiggy-83019ebfa980

# Android Dynamic Feature Modules : The Future
https://medium.com/mindorks/dynamic-feature-modules-the-future-4bee124c0f1

# Patterns for accessing code from Dynamic Feature Modules
https://medium.com/androiddevelopers/patterns-for-accessing-code-from-dynamic-feature-modules-7e5dca6f9123

# On Demand Modules  |  Android Developers
https://developer.android.com/codelabs/on-demand-dynamic-delivery#4

# About Android App Bundles  |  Android Developers
https://developer.android.com/guide/app-bundle

# Configure instant-delivery  |  Android Developers
https://developer.android.com/guide/app-bundle/instant-delivery

# Overview of Play Feature Delivery  |  Android 
https://developer.android.com/guide/app-bundle/play-feature-delivery

# SplitCompat  |  Android Developers
https://developer.android.com/reference/com/google/android/play/core/splitcompat/SplitCompat

# On Demand Modules  |  Android Developers
https://developer.android.com/codelabs/on-demand-dynamic-delivery#4

# Android Kotlin Fundamentals: Data binding with ViewModel and LiveData
https://developer.android.com/codelabs/kotlin-android-training-live-data-data-binding#0

# Data Binding in Android  |  Android Developers
https://developer.android.com/codelabs/android-databinding#8

# Android Dynamic Feature Modules : The Future
https://medium.com/mindorks/dynamic-feature-modules-the-future-4bee124c0f1

# On Demand Modules  |  Android Developers
https://developer.android.com/codelabs/on-demand-dynamic-delivery#0

# Overview of Play Feature Delivery  |  Android Developers
https://developer.android.com/guide/app-bundle/play-feature-delivery

# Exploring Dynamic Feature Modules at Swiggy
https://bytes.swiggy.com/exploring-dynamic-feature-modules-at-swiggy-83019ebfa980

# Dynamic feature module, Android OnDemand module : Android App Bundle
https://proandroiddev.com/dynamic-feature-module-android-ondemand-module-android-app-bundle-ea0d872b32d

# Everything They Don’t Tell You About Instant Apps #2
https://medium.com/pulselive/everything-they-dont-tell-you-about-instant-apps-2-android-manifest-b0b57b78f4b8

# Instant Dynamic Feature with Dynamic feature guide
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/65164942/instant-dynamic-feature-with-dynamic-feature-guide

# How to include instant dynamic feature module in instant app?
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/62672943/how-to-include-instant-dynamic-feature-module-in-instant-app

# Google Play Instant. Рефакторинг длиною в жизнь
https://habr.com/ru/company/oleg-bunin/blog/462511/

# Configure instant-delivery  |  Android Developers
https://developer.android.com/guide/app-bundle/instant-delivery

# App Bundles and Dynamic feature modules — A silver bullet for bloated Apks
https://medium.com/android-news/app-bundles-and-dynamic-feature-modules-a-silver-bullet-for-bloated-apks-d0bcac151ae6






